# WindyFuture Conclusion
Predicting wind speed is helpful for optimizing the generation of wind energy and acts as a key standard for assuring the reliable operation of the power grid. These two benefits come from the same source: the ability to predict wind speed. This paper first established a wind speed prediction model by using the nonparametric model of the LSTM neural network. Next, using the firework algorithm, the LSTM prediction model's hyperparameters were optimized. Finally, the prediction Root Mean Square Error was reduced in comparison to the empirical method of obtaining parameters, with the FWA-LSTM outperforming the double- layer LSTM in predicting wind speeds.

The FWA-LSTM model is applied to the problem of forecasting wind speed, and the results achieved by applying this model are compared to those obtained by applying regression analysis and well-established neural network prediction approaches. The findings of the experiments show that the FWA-LSTM technique significantly decreases the prediction error and significantly increases the accuracy of wind speed prediction in comparison to other prediction models and the traditional LSTM model. In the following phase, we will be further integrating multiple different prediction techniques in order to improve the accuracy of wind speed forecasts.

The output of wind turbines is significantly affected by the intermittent and random nature of natural wind, and as a result, the output of wind turbines is considered unstable. This hinders the comprehensive development of the wind power system, severely affects the stability of the grid system, and is even more unfavorable to the dispatch and control of wind farms.

Without accurate electricity forecasting, it is impossible to find solutions to the problems described above. Estimating the average wind speed over the lifetime of a wind farm is necessary in order to forecast the amount of power that will be produced by the farm. For this reason, it is advantageous for wind power systems to actively do research into wind speed prediction and to increase the accuracy of wind speed prediction. Deep learning's LSTM algorithm is one of the most common methods used to forecast wind speeds in wind farms. An MTSO-LSTM prediction model was designed for the purpose of addressing the problem of poor LSTM prediction outcomes coming from erroneous parameter selection. This problem was addressed in the current research.

  (1) The Tent chaotic is utilized at the process of initialization where it is employed to precisely adjust the position of the initial TSO. The learning parameter is enhanced throughout the step of the MTSO exploration process known as spiral foraging. This improvement is accomplished by the generation of new values for the learning parameter during each iteration of the process.

  (2) The preprocessed SCADA data are decomposed utilizing the innovative SVMD approach, which has a correlation coefficient of 0.9998, making it comparable to the EMD method; the number of IMF following SVMD decomposition is half that of EMD, thereby reducing the amount of time it takes for the prediction model to be computed.

In the third step of the process, the critical parameters of the LSTM are optimized with the help of the MTSO algorithm, and then the MTSO-LSTM model is developed. The test of the wind farm's ability to accurately anticipate wind speeds exceeded all other approaches, including PSO-SVR, PSO-DBN, LSTM, PSO-LSTM, and TSO-LSTM. The test was a success since the wind farm was able to precisely predict wind speeds.

The only data used in the MTSO-LSTM forecasting approach are previously measured and recorded wind speeds. Wind is an inherently complicated aerodynamic phenomenon that, in addition to being impacted by factors such as landforms, air temperature, and atmospheric pressure, also influences these factors itself. Because of these factors, changes in wind speed will be sudden, extremely nonlinear, and difficult to predict. In order to further improve the accuracy of wind speed forecasts, it is essential to take into consideration such factors while developing a multi-input forecasting model. This will allow for a greater degree of precision. The development of more complicated forecasting models that consider several different independent factors will be the primary focus of ongoing research.
